Security firms are warning about a Windows virus disguising itself as an electronic Christmas card.
The Apple Powerbook one hundred has been chosen as the greatest gadget of all time, by US magazine Mobile PC.
This new technology is causing both worries and guarded optimism among different sectors of the population.
A survey conducted by PC Pro Magazine has revealed that many Britons are unhappy with their internet service.
Video game firm Bioware is to hold open auditions for people to become cast members for future games.
Net users are being told to avoid a scam website that claims to collect cash on behalf of tsunami victims.
The sixth and final Star Wars movie may not be suitable for young children, film-maker George Lucas has said.
British hopes of winning major Oscars were dashed as UK stars failed to win acting and directing prizes.
Thousands of products and tens of thousands of visitors make Cebit the place to be for technology lovers.
U.S. pandemic aid program saved 51.1 million jobs, but wealthy and connected also benefited.
Trump Says Nordstrom Treated His Daughter ‘So Unfairly’ Fireworks Before Final Vote on Jeff Sessions.
Hillary Clinton Warns That Donald Trump’s ‘Thin Skin’ Would Set Off War or Economic Crisis.
Australia Will Close Detention Center on Manus Island, but Still Won’t Accept Asylum Seekers.
Donald Trump Seizes on Orlando Shooting and Repeats Call for Temporary Ban on Muslim Migration.
In Video, Sacramento Police Appear to Try to Hit Man With Their Car Before He’s Fatally Shot.
Other features include a display screen that allows users to watch TV and can rotate 180 degrees.
A blind student has developed software that turns colours into musical notes so that he can read weather maps.
Spam traffic is up by 40%, putting the total amount of e-mail that is junk up to an astonishing 90%.
PC first person shooter Half-Life 2 has won six Bafta Awards, including best game and best online game.
British Telecom has said it will double the broadband speeds of most of its home and business customers.
Consumers are very concerned about the use of radio frequency ID tags in shops, a survey says.
Ask Jeeves has bought the Bloglines website to improve the way it handles content from web journals or blogs.
Yahoo, one of the net's most iconic companies, is celebrating its 10th anniversary this week.
At the Mbita Point primary school in western Kenya students click away at a handheld computer with a stylus.
People using wireless high-speed net are being warned about fake hotspots, or access points.
The Chinese net-using population looks set to exceed that of the US in less than three years, says a report.
Americans are becoming avid blog readers, with 32 million getting hooked in 2004, according to new research.
The first convictions for piracy over peer-to-peer networks have been handed down in the US.
The net search giant Google has launched a search service that lets people look for TV programmes.
Nintendo's new handheld console, the DS, will launch in Europe on 11 March, the company has announced.
A fresh delay has hit controversial new European Union rules which govern computer-based inventions.
Internet search engine users are an odd mix of naive and sophisticated, suggests a report into search habits.
If you don't know art but know what you like, new search technology could prove a useful gateway to painting.
Writing a Microsoft Word document can be a dangerous business, according to document security firm Workshare.
If you are a geek or gadget fan, the next 12 months look like they are going to be a lot of fun.
The web is helping aid agencies gather resources to help cope with the aftermath of the tsunami disaster.
Computer games could enhance learning and have a legitimate place in the classroom, say researchers.
Leading British computer games maker Peter Molyneux has been made an OBE in the New Year Honours list.
Surfers outside the US have been unable to visit the official re-election site of President George W Bush.
Clark Boyd is technology correspondent for The World, a BBC World Service and WGBH-Boston co-production.