In its monthly security bulletin, it flagged up eight "critical" security holes which could leave PCs open to attack if left unpatched. The number of holes considered "critical" is more than usual.
More than 120 games are in development for the new console, Nintendo has said. The DS is backwards compatible with the Game Boy Advance, allowing the earlier machine's back catalogue of 700 games to be played.
"Like all games, computer and video games entertain while promoting social development, and playing and talking about games is an important part of young people's lives," said project manager Caroline Pelletier.
Images from camera phones have even made it into the art world. An exhibition next month in aid of the charity Mencap, will feature snaps taken from the camera phones of top artists.
The move to mobile was most pronounced in South Korea where 65 percent of those questioned said they already make most of their calls from a mobile. 18% said they would not get a landline if they moved house.
Along with its headquarters in north London, it operates studios in Cambridge and Sheffield. Argonaut was behind the Harry Potter games which provided a healthy flow of cash into the company.
The post domain is backed by the Universal Postal Union that wants to use it as the online marker for every type of postal service and to help co-ordinate the e-commerce efforts of national post offices.
The Grand Theft Auto series of games have set themselves the very highest of standards in recent years, but the newest addition is more than able to live up to an increasingly grand tradition.
The embattled leader of britain 's smaller opposition liberal democrats resisted calls thursday to step aside, saying the party ought to concentrate on upcoming local elections instead.
Palestinian leader mahmud abbas offered his best wishes for ariel sharon 's recovery thursday in a phone call to the office of the ailing israeli prime minister, a senior official said.
The european commission said on thursday that it was closely watching developments in turkey, after two people died there from bird flu, the first known human fatalities outside southeast asia and china.
Before israeli prime minister suffered a massive massive brain hemorrhage late on wednesday, the most serious threat to his health had been his weight, according to doctors who released his medical records last month.
at least one thousand people have been killed and more than twenty thousand made homeless by floods that swept across southern africa in the past week, striking a region already grappling with severe food shortages.
norwegian finance minister kristin halvorsen said in a newspaper interview on thursday that she was in favor of a boycott of israeli products in a show of solidarity with the palestinian people.
Nearly 50 people were killed and more than 100 wounded when a suicide bomber blew himself up thursday outside a police recruitment center in the western iraqi town of ramadi, hospital doctors said.
At least three policemen were killed and two others injured in clashes with maoists in southwest nepal thursday, the first deaths since the end of a rebel ceasefire this week, police said.
Us president george w. bush and un secretary general kofi annan expressed concern over israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's health during a telephone conversation on thursday, the white house said.
South african police thursday arrested two ukrainian crew members for murder and attempted murder after they allegedly tossing seven tanzanians stowaways overboard, causing two to drown.
Pilots of cash-strapped cyprus airways became the last hold-outs thursday to accept a restructuring plan envisaging a third of the workforce being axed and massive pay cuts, union officials said .
French banking group credit agricole said thursday it had bought a majority stake in the egypt-based egyptian american bank, reinforcing the position of french banks in the country.
Polish troops on thursday handed control of a province in iraq, south of baghdad, to their us counterparts, the general in charge of the polish-led multinational stabilisation force in iraq said.
Undisputed welterweight champion zab judah risks his crown against argentina's carlos baldomir here saturday while fellow american o'neil bell and france's jean-marc mormeck will unify the cruiserweight crown.
European union foreign policy chief javier solana urged bolivian president-elect evo morales on thursday to do all he could to ensure a secure environment for investment in his country.
south african president thabo mbeki on thursday wished israeli prime minister ariel sharon a speedy recovery saying, 'the thoughts and prayers of south africa' were with the seriously ill politician.
Iran's hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad said thursday that he hoped israeli prime minister was dead and wished the same for the rest of the jewish state's leaders, the isna student news agency reported.
Marv levy, who coached the buffalo bills to four consecutive super bowls but never managed a victory, returned to the american football club thursday as vice president of football operations.
The constitutional court in gabon on thursday dismissed a demand by two opposition candidates for the annulment of the 2004 presidential election, which returned president omar bongo to the post he has held since 2000.
An iranian court said thursday that it would give its verdict within a week in the case of a french skipper and his german client accused of illegally entering territorial waters in november, one of their lawyers said.
Seeking their fourth super bowl title in five years and an unprecedented third in a row, the new england patriots open the american football playoffs here saturday against jacksonville.
Blue-chip us shares ended flat thursday with gains for the dow average pared by a disappointing profit outlook from walmart stores, but the tech-laden nasdaq hit its highest close since may 2010.
George Galloway, the british member of parliament and anti-iraq war campaigner, was under the media spotlight again thursday, but this time as a surprise contestant on a tv reality show.
Us doctors will perform life-saving surgery next week on an iraqi baby girl whose case was taken up by us soldiers after they raided her parents' home in iraq, an organization aiding the effort said thursday.
Spanish league leaders barcelona return to duty after the winter break on saturday with a derby clash against city rivals espanyol whose coach believes frank rijkaard's side is the best he has ever seen.
The dollar firmed against other major currencies in asian trade friday as the market waited for monthly us employment data for clues on prospects for further interest rate rises, dealers said.
A senior church leader in the philippines has advised outspoken bishops to shun politics and focus on winning new converts in the predominantly roman catholic country, a church spokesman said friday.
China has suggested it may diversify its foreign reserve holdings away from a current heavy focus on the us dollar although analysts said friday beijing does not intend a major change in policy.
Two us troops were among dozens of people killed in a suicide bombing against a police recruitment center on thursday, bringing the overall us toll on the day to seven, the us military said friday.
Eleven us servicemen were killed in iraq on thursday, making it the bloodiest day for american forces since august, when 12 people died, according to figures released by the military on friday.
The israeli press on friday appeared resigned to a bleak future without the overwhelming presence of prime minister ariel sharon, who remains in critical condition following a massive brain hemorrhage.
A train smashed into a minibus on sunday killing several egyptian policemen when a railway worker failed to close the gates at a level-crossing because he fell asleep, the interior ministry said here.