several thousand people gathered on wednesday evening on the main square in zagreb for a public draw and an open air party to celebrate the croatian capital's second chance to host the women's slalom world cup.
us first lady laura bush and us secretary of state condoleezza rice will represent the united states later this month at the inauguration of liberia's president-elect ellen johnson sirleaf, the white house said wednesday.
jack abramoff, a former lobbyist at the center of a mushrooming political scandal in washington, on wednesday pleaded guilty in a us court in miami to defrauding lenders in a florida gambling boat deal.
somalia's feuding president and parliament speaker have agreed a compromise in a bitter row over the appropriate seat for their fledgling transitional government, a yemeni official said wednesday.
the white house vigorously rejected wednesday suggestions that us soldiers in iraq do not hesitate to fire on civilians, after a bombing killed eight iraqi non-combatants, including two children.
the us special envoy to multilateral talks aimed at ending north korea's nuclear weapons drive has quit, the state department said wednesday amid reported divisions within the administration over the nuclear issue.
australian foreign minister alexander downer called wednesday for the reform of the un security council and expressed support for brazil, india, japan and an african country to join the council.
the buffalo bills sacked tom donahoe as president and general manager on wednesday, fulfilling expectations of a shake-up after another failure to make the national football league playoffs.
finance minister ehud olmert will chair an emergency meeting of the israeli cabinet on thursday after prime minister ariel sharon suffered a massive stroke, public television reported.
hollywood star charlie sheen and actress denise richards have scrapped efforts to reconcile their differences and have decided to push ahead with a divorce, court documents showed wednesday.