Richard Thomas totally condemned the deletion of e-mails to prevent their disclosure under freedom of information laws. Government guidance said e-mails should only be deleted if they served no current purpose, Mr Thomas said. The Tories and the Lib Dems have questioned the timing of the new rules.
Mr Campbell sent the missive by mistake to BBC2's Newsnight after it sought to question his role in Labour's controversial poster campaign. He later contacted the show saying the original e-mail had been sent in error and that it was all a 'silly fuss'. Mr Campbell has recently re-joined Labour's election campaign.
The Scottish National Party's Holyrood leader Nicola Sturgeon wrote to Mr McConnell on Tuesday accusing him of an error of judgement and calling for him to apologise for his 'ill-judged comment' and withdraw it immediately. In a furious response, the first minister said his comments had been distorted and taken out of context. 
The agreement by the G8 group of wealthy nations would save affected countries £3bn pounds a year, he said. The deal is thought to have been hammered out on Thursday night after Japan, one of the biggest creditor nations, finally signed up to it. Mr Brown first proposed the idea earlier this week.
Documentary maker Michael Cockerell was given behind-the-scenes access to Mr Howard for his film portrait. The Tory leader was asked about to respond to people who said that if there had there been a quota on immigration and asylum in the 1930s, his parents might not have been allowed into the country.
The Bahamas, East Timor, Madagascar and Swaziland are among the areas affected by the biggest shake-up for the diplomatic service for years. Other diplomatic posts are being turned over to local staff. Mr Straw said the move would save £6m a year to free up cash for priorities such as fighting terrorism.
In a speech in Edinburgh, the prime minister said Thursday's report reinforced stability and opportunity. And that would be central to Labour's next election campaign, planning for which was already well advanced. Mr Brown earlier denied his economic forecasts were too optimistic - but refused to rule out future tax rises.
He also attacked the way the Iraq war was 'sold' to the public, with important warnings on the strength of the intelligence left out. Tory leader Michael Howard said Lord Butler had given the 'most damaging testimony' he could remember. But Downing Street said Mr Blair should be judged by results not his style.
The Bahamas, East Timor, Madagascar and Swaziland are among the areas affected by the biggest shake-up for the diplomatic service for years. Other diplomatic posts are being turned over to local staff. Mr Straw said the move would save 6 million pounds a year to free up cash for priorities such as fighting terrorism.
The foreign secretary said the right to life was the 'most important liberty' and the government had a duty to protect people from terrorism. Law lords were 'simply wrong' to imply the men were being held arbitrarily. New Home Secretary Charles Clarke vowed the nine men would remain in prison while the law was being reviewed.