But Mr Straw denied it amounted to a 'constitutional crisis'. He said those held had a right of appeal to the special immigration appeal tribunal and the decision to hold the suspects was upheld by that court. 'The law lords are simply wrong to imply that this is a decision to detain these people on the whim or the certificate of the home secretary,' he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. 
The foreign secretary insisted it was for Parliament, and not judges, to decide how best Britain could be defended against the threat of terrorism. But Liberal Democrat peer Lord Carlile, the government's independent reviewer of anti-terrorism laws, said it was possible some of the detainees could now be released. He said the Law Lords' ruling was an 'embarrassment' for the government and major changes were needed to the law.
US magazine Rolling Stone featured Canadian PM Justin Trudeau on the cover of its latest issue and questioned, 'Why can't he be our President?' The magazine also published a 6500 words article highlighting the difference between Trudeau's liberal views on health care, marijuana legalisation, and environment policies and those of Trump. Notably, only American-born US citizens can become President.
There are as many as 72 countries and territories worldwide which criminalise same-sex relationships, according to a report by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association. Homosexuality can result in a death penalty in eight countries, including Iran and Saudi Arabia, while in dozen other countries homosexual acts are punishable by a prison sentence, the report added.
A Maharashtra education board has introduced a compulsory six-week internship in the last year of diploma engineering courses as part of a new curriculum. Authorities said the new curriculum will provide practical training and 'industry-relevant' skills to the students. The decision was allegedly taken after the number of admission-seeking students reportedly declined by 38 percents in the last two years.
'Lipstick Under My Burkha' director Alankrita Shrivastava has said the censors have a problem with female point of view, while adding, 'They're not comfortable with something that questions the status quo.' She also said that the male perspective which dominates popular culture, has led to discrimination against women and 'makes stalking seem like love, makes harassment abuse of women okay'.
Noida authority officials on Monday demolished around thirty makeshift shops near Sector 78 after residents demanded for removal of 'illegal encroachments'. This comes after over 300 protestors, mostly domestic helps, gathered outside a housing complex last week, alleging that one of its residents had assaulted a domestic help. Noida authority has however claimed that it was a routine demolition.
UK-based scientists studied the communication calls of 'Orangutans', one of our closest ancestors. 'Kiss-squeaks' were analysed to understand t, p, k consonants as their sound depends on tongue-lip movement, rather than voice. They found that different signals were sometimes used to carry same information to reinforce a message like humans use 'car, vehicle, automobile' to convey the same meaning.
Former Secretary-General of United Nations Kofi Annan has praised the AAP government's Mohalla Clinics project which is aimed at providing free primary healthcare to Delhi residents near their home. Annan wrote to CM Arvind Kejriwal, stating, 'The utilisation of these clinics represents a large increase in consumption of cost-effective primary healthcare without people incurring financial costs'.
The Edinburgh MSP earns up to thirty thousand pounds a year from the law firm Tods Murray, where he is a partner. Mr McLetchie said he has taken advice from Holyrood officials about what details he needs to declare. He was advised to exercise judgement to avoid the perception of a conflict and said he had done nothing wrong. As an MSP, Mr McLetchie signed a parliamentary motion questioning expansion plans for Edinburgh Airport.