Gibraltar's Chief Minister Peter Caruana will represent the British citizens living on the Rock, while Britain's Europe Director Dominick Chilcott will represent the UK. Madrid is being represented by Spain's director general for Europe, Jose Maria Pons. The initiative follows Spain's socialist government's decision to put its long-standing sovereignty ambitions on hold. Gibraltarians rejected plans for the Rock's sovereignty to be shared between Britain and Spain in a referendum organised by Gibraltar government.
Mr Blair's refusal to accept the Tories' sunset clause proposals means that the government faces concerted opposition from all sides in the Lords. Peers begin three days of detailed deliberation on the bill on Thursday. The bill proposes 'control orders', which as well as placing terrorism suspects under house arrest could mean curfews, tagging or bans on telephone and internet use. These would replace current powers to detain foreign terror suspects without trial, which the law lords have ruled against as a breach of human rights.
Mr Blair instead hailed Labour's achievement in using a strong economy to invest in public services. 'When we have money not only going into extra teachers and nurses but equipment in schools and hospitals, that money is not wasted,' he said. On the tax questions, he added: 'We will make commitments on tax at the time of the manifesto.' Home Secretary Charles Clarke this week published plans for a new points system for economic migrants, with only high-skilled workers allowed into the UK from outside the European Union.
In 2000, Borders Council said the area's economy had suffered since the closure. Ms Borthwick said the lobby group was determined to keep the pressure on the Scottish Executive. 'We are hoping that many people will join us in a march to mark the 36th anniversary of the closure of the Waverley Line,' she said. 'Campaign for Borders Rail is the biggest independent lobby group in Scotland and we have been lobbying tirelessly for the reinstatement of rail services to the Borders and eventually to Carlisle.'
They will mark the 36th anniversary of the line closure, which ran from Edinburgh through the Borders and on to Carlisle, with a walk at Tweedbank. Anne Borthwick, of Campaign for Borders Rail, said reopening the Waverley Line would restore the area's prosperity. MSPs are considering the reintroduction of passenger rail services through Midlothian to the Borders. Campaigners have said that reopening the Waverley Line, which could cost up to one hundred million pounds, would be a huge economic boost for the Borders.
On Friday, the Cardinal will ask the congregation to search for peace. 'It is possible, it is real, it is worth, always, striving for, because of the promise of Our Saviour,' he will say. 'I also wish you peace in your homes because peace in your home is the beginning of peace in the homes of the community.' A spokesman said Downing Street had no comment to make. But Prime Minister Tony Blair has said he will put Africa at the top of the agenda when Britain chairs the G8 summit next year.
Mr Makarov joined the KGB in 1970s Russia, as an idealistic 20 year-old. One of his fellow pupils at intelligence school was Vladimir Putin. At KGB headquarters in Moscow, he was posted to the secret 16th directorate - which decoded intercepted diplomatic traffic from the West. By the 1980s he had risen to the rank of senior lieutenant - and was privy to the thoughts of Western powers. But he had became deeply disenchanted with the Soviet regime - fuelled by its repression both at home and in Poland.
Home Secretary Charles Clarke said there was not enough evidence to keep the Egyptian man, known only as C, certified as a terrorist suspect. On Monday, the legal team for two Algerian suspects being held without trial told a court the men did not want bail if it meant being put under house arrest. Most of the terror suspects are detained at Belmarsh Prison in London. The Liberal Democrats say they also oppose house arrests and questioned the human rights implications of the measure. 
A spokeswoman for Royal Mail said: 'We are investigating a problem with the delivery route in the Mowden area of Darlington.' This is affecting several hundred properties, which have failed to receive ballot papers. 'We are working closely with the council and will do all we can to help rectify the problem.' No one will not receive their ballot paper as special hand deliveries will take place where necessary. 'We are unaware of any other problems of this kind to do with the regional assembly vote.'
The event is being held by the Muslim Association of Britain (MAB), which believes Muslim voters could influence the result in up to 50 constituencies. Last year MAB, which opposed the war in Iraq, urged Muslims not to vote for Labour in the European elections. But a spokesman stressed the meeting was 'not necessarily anti-Labour'. 'This meeting is not anti-party in particular, it's anti-policy, it's on the issues we are going to ask Muslims to vote on,' MAB spokesman Dr Azzam Tamimi said of Tuesday's event.